To my love, 

Today is hard. I am more aware than ever of the magnitude of compassion that I have to bring when thinking of my growth. I feel strong and confident in my ability to hear my voice and walk a solid path. But that path is riddled with fear - my long lost friend and partner. Fear, my emotional terrorist. Fear, who shows me love. My love, navigating my path alone is scary and I so wish that you were here to witness my pain. To offer your chest with a warm hug so large and strong that the world and all of its harsh realities were hidden from view. How I wish I knew you. How I wish I knew that you were there thinking of me the way I think of you. To know that you long for me the way that I long for you. I have made so many mistakes in my journey to now. So many mistakes that make me wonder, am I even worthy? 

I believe that we are all worthy of finding that person that makes us feel warm. I believe that we are all worthy of finding that person that makes us feel understood. I weep for my mother who does not know what that feels like. Who is deeply afraid of ever knowing what that feels like. I weep for my sister who is so young and pouring her heart into her husband and child. I wish deeply that while on her journey she learns to pour herself into herself. To love herself with as much kindness as she loves her daughter. I believe that we are all worthy of romance and love. So why would I not be worthy? 

If you are worthy of what I am and am becoming then I am certainly worthy of the person you are and will be. Your truth will be our connection. My truth will be our love. Our shared experiences will bring us closer and closer until we can no longer remember where my truth starts and your truth ends. Our existence will be our bond and the curiosity to introspect will flow forever because our universes will have collided and exploded into something new and unknown. I know this in the depths of my heart. You exist and you are mine as much as I exist and I am yours. To that, I will always submit.
